---
title: A not so rainy day
date: 2024-06-15T16:05:11-05:00
permalink: 'posts/{{ title | slug }}/'
tags: [journal]
---
Happy Father's Day Eve!

To all of those who are parent figures to somebody or other who needs the support or the assistance, here's to a day filled with the joy and happiness that goes along with that personal fulfillment!

As a father figure to my kiddos, I have cherished every day I've been around them. Have they all been easy days? Oh, heck no. But even those difficult and challenging days are completely worth it.

Anyhow, on to today's stuff!

Not that I've got anything really special to impart today. 

It was supposed to rain today, so the first thing I did upon waking up was head out and get the lawn mowed. It takes about an hour, so long as I'm able to keep up on it every week.

We've got an old Snapper battery operated mower, with a 4Ah and a 2Ah battery pair. I really love it when I can get things done within a single battery. This morning was no different. 

While the battery operated mower is nice and we don't have to put up with having a gasoline container in the garage, it does entail the need to mow more often. Otherwise you wind up with a field that the poor machine just can't deal with.

Did it wind up raining? Of course not. It looked pretty gnarly though. 

I'm sure it'll rain tomorrow though. That would be perfect, especially since we plan on heading to World's Of Fun for the day.

Lastly, I'm considering doing the whole [100 Days To Offload](https://100daystooffload.com/) challenge. 

I figure that since I'm trying to write more that it might be something worth doing. I like personal challenges of this sort.

With that, until next time.