---
title: Not a day late nor a dollar short
date: 2024-08-19T16:05:11-05:00
permalink: 'posts/{{ title | slug }}/'
tags: [journal,100DaysToOffload]
---
I would say that I'm a day late with my post, but then than would imply some sort of contract between myself and the reader. I'm pretty sure that we are all aware that there is no such thing here. Ha.

Last week I did go ahead and get a pre-order in for [Michael W Lucas'](https://io.mwl.io/@mwl) new book on *Run Your Own Mail Server*. The ebook has already been delivered and I'm very much looking forward to flipping through the paperback when it arrives. I had considered picking up the hardback, but that cost is a little more difficult to justify. 

I don't necessarily intend to run my own mail server from scratch, but you never know. I do, however, currently run a mail server via yunonost and have in the past used mail-in-a-box, which is very nice as well. 

They are mostly just toy or hobby servers in my case though.

Now that the kiddos are in school and it's super quiet during most of the day, I've been more able to take some time to get out and walk during the mid day once again. 

Related to an earlier post of mine, these are not exactly mind clearing excursions, but moreso a way to get active once again.

Currently my average is right around the fifteen minute minute mile, or just below. I want to get faster, and once I'm super comfortable with my progress I will attempt to jog it.

All for my goal to, possibly, maybe, run a 5K.

Today's walk was pretty good, I changed my route up quite a bit and made a much larger circuit. Although it didn't actually make much of a difference in the distance, very negligible.

Anyhow. That's what I've got, I think I've worked on this entry long enough now. It's been sitting for a couple of days.

This is post 30/100 of my #100DaysToOffload posts. You can read the other posts in this series [here](/tags/100daystooffload).